Average refresh times and frame-rates:
startup               33ms   29fps
fade to water         33ms   29fps
water                 33ms   29fps
fade to swirls        60ms   16fps
swirls                40ms   24fps
fade to other_swirls  72ms   13fps
other_swirls          38ms   25fps


Average refresh times and frame-rates:
startup               33ms   29fps
fade to water         33ms   30fps
water                 33ms   29fps
fade to swirls        52ms   19fps
swirls                36ms   27fps
fade to other_swirls  65ms   15fps
other_swirls          35ms   28fps

Average refresh times and frame-rates:
startup               33ms   29fps
fade to water         33ms   29fps
water                 33ms   29fps
fade to swirls        52ms   19fps
swirls                36ms   27fps
fade to other_swirls  65ms   15fps
other_swirls          35ms   28fps

